[Detections RBAC] Update references to detections RBAC (#3874)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/security/dashboards/detection-rule-monitoring-dashboard.md

To access this dashboard and its data, you must have:

* At least `Read` [{{kib}} privileges](/deploy-manage/users-roles/cluster-or-deployment-auth/kibana-role-management.md) for both the **Analytics > Dashboard** and **Security > Security** {{kib}} features.

> * {applies_to}`serverless: ` The `Security > Rules: All` privilege.

Reviewer: Resolved in [`6f947f6` (#3874)](https://github.com/elastic/docs-content/pull/3874/commits/6f947f6745f5b0fb13c54a4d795fcf66184e33df), which removes the line indicating that the `Security > Rules: Read` privilege was needed to access the dashboard.

> * {applies_to}`serverless: ` Your role must also have `Security > Rules: All` privilege.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* {applies_to}`serverless: ` The `Security > Rules: All` privilege.
```
